Update Sandy Bridge Laptop config.plist (#418)
dortania/OpenCore-Install-Guide: config-laptop.plist/sandy-bridge.md

| **`00000100`** | Laptop | To be used with laptops |
| **`10000300`** | NUC | To be used with Intel NUCs |

#### Laptops with 1080p Screens

> For laptops with 1080p screens (1600x900), it is advised to add an extra entry which will enable DualLink processing for the display connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For laptop displays that have a resolution of 1600x900 or greater, it is advised to add an extra entry which will enable DualLink processing for the display connection
```
Feel free to edit/change it too
